🌐 New translation workflow, move all scripts to seperate directory (#72)
Schneegans/Fly-Pie: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Branching Guidelines

The development of Fly-Pie follows a simplified version of **git-flow**:

> The `master` branch always contains stable code.
> 

Reviewer: May look better with an itemize?

```suggestion
* The `master` branch always contains stable code.
```

Author: Totally! :heart_eyes:

New features and bug fixes are implemented in `feature/*` branches and are merged to `develop` once they are finished.

> 
> When a new version is about to get released, the content of `develop` will be merged to `release/vX` (`X` is the new version number) and the translators get notified.
> Once the translation work and last minute bugfixing is done, `release/vX` is merged into `master` and a tag is created to mark the release. The last step of the release process is to merge `master` back into `develop` in order to update the translations and bugfixes in the avtive development branch.
> 
> In rare and critical cases, hotfixes for the latest release will be created in the `master` branch and merged back to `develop`.

Reviewer: My suggested changes here are: itemized, "will be _branched_ to `release/vX`" and _active_ instead of _avtive_.

```suggestion
* When a new version is about to get released, the content of `develop` will be branched to `release/vX` (`X` is the new version number) and the translators get notified.
* Once the translation work and last minute bugfixing is done, `release/vX` is merged into `master` and a tag is created to mark the release. The last step of the release process is to merge `master` back into `develop` in order to update the translations and bugfixes in the active development branch.
* In rare and critical cases, hotfixes for the latest release will be created in the `master` branch and merged back to `develop`.
```

Author: Oh, didn't notice that merged/branched error at all :see_no_evil: Good point!
